ies Bow-Toons
- ♪ Muppet Babies, they make
their dreams come true ♪
♪ Muppet Babies,
they'll do the same for you ♪
♪ When your world looks
kind of weird ♪
♪ And you wish
you weren't there ♪
♪ Close your eyes
and make believe ♪
♪ That you can be anywhere ♪
♪ Kermit loves adventure,
Miss Piggy is a star ♪
♪ Summer loves to paint,
and Fozzie's jokes are... ♪
- Wocka wocka!
- Hey, that doesn't even rhyme.
- ♪ Animal's on drums,
Gonzo's off in a flash ♪
♪ Everybody duck,
'cause I think he's gonna... ♪
- Is everything
all right out here?
babies: Yes, Miss Nanny.
- ♪ Muppet Babies, they make
their dreams come true ♪
♪ Muppet Babies ♪
♪ They'll do the same
for you ♪
- "The Great Muppet
Sport-A-Thon."
[grand orchestral music]
...and on my first try.
- Ke
- And Summer takes the pass.
- Oh, oh!
Summer!
I'm open!
Hiyah!
- Yipes!
[suspenseful music]
- Uh...I meant to do that.
- All right, kiddos.
Time to circle up,
because the games are
about to start.
[all chatter excitedly]
Today's the day we're going
to learn about...
the Sport-A-Thon!
[cheering]
- Wait, what's a Sport-A-Thon?
- It's a huge sporting event
that comes around
once every four years.
Athletes from around the world
compete in games
like jumping, balancing,
and racing.
- And cannonball juggling?
- [chuckles]
I'll have to double-check
on that one, Gonzo.
But the winners
get one of these.
- A gold medal?
Ooh!
I want one of those.
- Nanny, is that yours?
- Yup.
I used to be a pretty big deal
in the world of gymnastics.
And because these games
are so special,
we're going to watch it live
on the Scribble Screen.
[cheering]
- This is the best day ever!
[static crackles]
- Uh-oh.
- So, uh, who's winning
this game?
- Looks like
the Internet's not working.
I'm so sorry, kiddos.
I don't think we can watch
the Sport-A-Thon after all.
- Aw, we have to wait
four more years
until the next one?
- Who knows when that will be?
- I'll have to call
to get it fixed.
Be back in just a bit.
[all groan]
- Wait a minute.
We don't need to watch
a Sport-A-Thon.
We can  have  a Sport-A-Thon!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah, sports!
- Sport-A-Thon!
[all giggling]
- Hi, kids.
- Hi, Mr. Statler
and Mr. Waldorf!
- What are you doing
down there today?
- We're having a Sport-A-Thon.
Wanna watch?
- Not really, but we've got
nothing else to do, so...
[together]
We'd love to!
[both laugh]
- Okay, everybody.
We can set up games all around
the playground,
and whoever wins the most
gets a gold medal.
- Well,
what are we waiting for?
Let the games begin!
all: Yay!
[crowd cheering]
- Welcome,
ladies and gentlemen,
to the Great Muppet
Sport-A-Thon!
Yay!
Hi-ho. Kermit the Frog here,
coming to you live
from the playground.
We're about to kick things off
with our first event:
the swing jump!
Let's meet our competitors.
- Thanks Kermit.
First, she's a toddler,
she's a waddler,
she's a southpaw
from the South Pole.
Summer!
[cheers and applause]
both: Hooray!
- And, competing against her,
the miss who never misses.
Everyone go hog-wild
for Piggy!
- [smooches]
[cheers and applause]
- Good luck, Piggy.
- And good luck to you, Summer.
- And...go!
[air horn sounds]
- And they're off!
Three quick swings,
and here comes the dismount.
Now it's about
how high they jump
and how perfectly they land.
- [warbling] Whoa!
[crowd exclaims]
- Ooh!
What a shame for Piggy.
But what's this?
- Ooh--bah.
- With a perfect landing,
Summer wins the swing jump!
Yay!
- Huh.
I guess pigs  can  fly.
- Not very well, though.
[both laugh]
- Good job, Summer.
- Summer fly!
- Gosh, that was fun.
Good game, Piggy.
- [growls]
Maybe for you,
because you won!
- It's okay, Piggy.
The first time
I played ticktacktoe,
I came in third.
- Uh, right.
So, what sport
are we playing next?
- Let's find out.
Kicking it over to you, Kermit.
- Thanks, Fozzie.
Coming up--
- Get it, Kermit?
Kicking it over to you?
Ah!
- Coming up is the balance log!
- Piggy's up against
the furry flurry...
Animal!
- [laughs]
- Animal will be attempting
the famed triple watoozie.
- [grunting]
- And he sticks it!
- Perfect landing!
[cackling]
[humming]
- And...
And...next up is Piggy!
She will be attempting the...
Ah...ah...ah!
[sneezing] Ah...
[softly] Choo.
- Oh--whoa!
Oof!
- And the winner is...
Animal!
- [cheering]
- Wait!
The one didn't count.
Fozzie made a noise.
I get a do-over.
[stifling shout]
Oh! Ugh!
- Maybe it was
the beam's fault that time.
[both laugh]
- Good game?
- [growls]
Not for me, it wasn't!
- Piggy, it's only a game.
It's supposed to be fun.
- It's fun when you win!
- And maybe you will...
in the next event.
Throwing it to you, Kermit.
- Thanks, Fozzie.
- Get it?
"Throwing it to you"?
- The next event is...
the flying saucer toss!
[laughs] "Throwing it to you."
- Hey, that joke wasn't bad.
- But it wasn't good, either!
[both laugh]
- The winner of this event
will be whomever can throw
their sauce the farthest.
- And, playing against Piggy,
he's true-blue,
a nose ahead of me and you!
The great Gonzo!
- [smooches]
All right, players.
Ready?
Go!
[airhorn sounds]
- [grunts]
- [grunts shrilly]
♪ ♪
Yowee!
Those babies are going
clear around the world.
It's gonna be a close one.
- Please, please, please,
please, please, please, please!
- The winner is...
it's...it's...
The great Gonzo!
- Yahoo!
Great game, Piggy.
- [growls, shouts]
[echoing] That does it!
[crowd gasps]
I keep trying and trying,
but I haven't won anything.
- Piggy, your toss
was really good.
- Not good enough
for a gold medal.
- Gee, winning doesn't
feel very good
when you get so mad
about losing, Piggy.
- That's fine, because I quit!
- Quit?
But Piggy,
we can't finish
the Sport-A-Thon without you.
- Is the Sport-A-Thon
over already?
- It is for me.
I lost every game.
- So you quit?
- You wouldn't
understand, Nanny.
You have a gold medal.
You've never lost
a single game.
- [laughs] You're right.
I've lost a bunch of games.
You think I won my gold medal
on the first try?
No way.
But losing is part
of being a champion,
and you have to be
a good sport, no matter what.
♪ Little Miss Piggy,
you've got a little ♪
♪ Growing up to do ♪
♪ If you keep quitting ♪
♪ Your friends might not
wanna play with you ♪
♪ Anymore ♪
♪ Losing's not easy, I know ♪
♪ It's kind of a drag ♪
♪ But there's no way
of winning ♪
♪ Unless you turn around ♪
♪ And get back,
back in the game ♪
♪ Join your friends again ♪
♪ You won't always win ♪
♪ But you can hold up
your head ♪
♪ And say, "I got back,
back in the game" ♪
[together]
♪ Gave it my best ♪
♪ Till the end ♪
- You're right, Nanny.
I can't quit on my friends.
- [harrumphs] Well, folks,
sorry to report
the Sport-A-Thon has come
to a grinding halt.
- That's right, Kermit.
We had one final event,
but without Piggy,
there just aren't
enough players
to make two teams.
- You guys! [pants]
You guys!
- What's this?
Piggy is back on the field?
- I'm ready to play again.
I get it now.
- She gets it now,
ladies and gentlemen!
Yay!
Tell 'em what
you get now, Piggy.
- I never should've quit,
because even though
I really, really like to win,
I know now that
it's okay to lose.
I sang a song about it
and everything!
- Oh, singing.
Okay.
See, why didn't we
think of that?
- I don't know, Piggy.
You just get sort of mad
when you lose.
- A dramatic turn of events!
- If you just give me
another chance,
you'll see I won't
do that anymore.
- Well, we do need
one more person
to play the final game.
- Will they give her a chance?
- Aw, give the pig a chance.
- Yeah!
- Well, what are
we waiting for?
Let's race!
[all cheer]
- Yay!
The Sport-A-Thon is back on
with the final event.
Who will make it down
the bobsled track first?
Will it be Piggy and Summer
or Animal and Gonzo?
- Either way, it's all downhill
from here, Kermit.
Eh? Wocka wocka!
[crickets chirp]
[clears throat]
Bobsledders, are you ready?
[together]
Ready!
- Good luck, you guys.
- Thanks.
You too.
- On your mark...
get set...
go!
[air horn sounds]
- Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
- And they're off!
The racers fly down the drop
and into the first turn.
It's Gonzo and Animal
in the lead.
[all laughing]
It's still anyone's race
as they enter
the swervy-swerve.
[all giggling]
And then to the final stretch.
They're neck and neck!
Now it's Piggy and Summer.
Back to Gonzo and Animal.
No, back to Piggy and Summer!
This is a real nail-biter,
folks.
It's anyone's race--
and it's a photo finish!
Gonzo and Animal by a nose!
[cheers and applause]
both: Hooray! Hooray!
- [laughs]
- Yes!
- Good game, guys.
And... Piggy?
- That...was...
awesome!
Good game, everyone!
[cheers and applause]
[victorious music]
♪ ♪
[all cheering and laughing]
- And now,
for winning two games
at the first-ever
Muppets Sport-A-Thon,
the gold medals made of
chocolate go to...
Animal and Gonzo!
- [laughing]
[chomps, laughs]
Victory sweet.
- Good job, you guys.
- Thanks.
Hey, Piggy, I know how much
you wanted a gold medal...
so I want you to have it.
- [stutters] A gold medal?
For moi?
[together] Aww.
- Hiyah!
- [gasps]
[all gasp]
- Piggy, what are you doing?
- I'm giving some gold medal
to everybody,
because everyone wins
when they try.
[all cheer]
- Maybe we should go over
for some chocolate too.
- No thanks.
That last bit
was sweet enough for me.
[all laugh]
- "You Say 'Potato,'
I Say 'Best Friend.'"
[grunts]
Nice throw, buddy.
- [gasps] Ooh, ooh!
Look at this one, Miss Nanny!
- Wow, that's the shiniest
tomato I've ever seen.
- Until this one!
- Super shiny, Summer,
but that's a bell pepper.
- Bell?
I think it's broken.
- I bet it was just
getting warmed up.
Go on, try again.
[imitating bell]
♪ Ding-a-ling-a-ling... ♪
- [gasps]
- [laughs]
[laughing]
Huh?
Hmm.
What that?
- I don't know...
but it's beautiful!
[heavenly choral music]
- Well, would you look
at that, Gonzo?
You found a potato.
- Hello, Potato.
I'm Gonzo.
- Who put it in the ground,
Miss Nanny?
- Well, I guess I did
when I planted the seed.
Potatoes aren't like
tomatoes or peppers.
They grow underground.
- Ooh, sounds cozy.
[chuckles]
- Thanks for your help,
everyone.
I'm going to whip these veggies
into a tasty salad
for snack time.
[frantic string music]
- No!
- Don't worry, Gonzo.
This salad doesn't
include potatoes.
- [exhales]
I wouldn't want that
to happen to you, Potato.
- Well, what should we do now?
- Animal want play.
- Okay.
Let's play rocket tag. do now?
- Ooh!
What's rocket tag?
- It's kind of like tag.
- But we imagine
we're wearing rocket shoes
so we can fly
all the way to the moon.
- Ooh, great idea, Kermie!
And  I'll  be it.
[all cheer]
- Hey.
Where's Gonzo?
Gonzo?
- Usually, vegetables are round
or long or pointy.
I've never seen one
who looks like you.
I've got a funny shape too.
[nose springs]
But that's what
makes us special.
We have a lot in common, huh?
[gasps]
You know what?
I think that makes us
BFFs.
You know what that means?
It means
"best friends forever."
BFF!
How about it?
Oopsie.
babies: There he is!
- Um, Gonzo, why are you
playing with a potato?
- Because he's
my new best friend?
- But it's a potato.
- Yeah!
Potato, meet everyone.
Everyone, meet Potato.
[together] Uh...hi.
- Hey.
- [cackles]
French fry!
- No, Animal!
I said "meet Potato,"
not "eat Potato"!
- Oh.
Hi.
- Gonzo, do you wanna
play rocket tag with us?
- Can Potato play too?
- Ooh, I've never played
with a vegetable before.
- Why don't we let
Potato be it?
- [stuttering] But--
but it is a potato!
And it's my turn to be it.
- Aw, come on, Piggy.
We can give Potato a chance.
- Well...I guess I could
let it take my turn.
- Thanks, Piggy.
He'll love that.
All right, Potato!
You ready?
Tag, you're it!
[heavenly choral music]
all: Rocket tag!
[all cheering]
- [laughs] Can't catch me!
- Or me!
[all cheer]
- [laughs] Whoa!
- [giggling]
Can't catch me, Potato!
- Can't catch me, Potato!
[laughing]
- [laughs]
[chomping]
- [laughing] Whoa!
I hope Potato doesn't tag me.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
What's wrong, Potato?
- Ooh, ooh!
[laughs] You're not gonna
catch  me,  Potato!
[gasps]
Well, I guess I win.
I win!
- Why isn't Potato chasing us?
- Uh, he's probably
just nervous.
Being it is a lot of pressure.
- I told you,
it's just a potato.
It can't play tag!
- You're right.
So let's try a different game.
- Oh, oh!
I know!
Let's have a bike race.
- Way ahead of you, Summer.
[imitates engine]
[engines revving]
- Don't worry, Potato.
Racing is a blast.
Just go faster
than everyone else,
and you win.
- Good luck!
The only winner here today
will be moi.
- Ready...set...
Go-go-go-go-go!
[tires squeal]
[crowd cheering]
[all cheering]
- Yay! Go, racers!
- Yay, yay, yay!
[rock music]
- Too slow!
♪ ♪
[crickets chirping]
- Whoo-hoo!
- Whee!
- Whoa!
♪ ♪
- [gasps] Piggy!
Watch out for Potato!
[all gasp]
- Potato!
Get out of the way!
[screams]
[both gasp]
- Whoa!
- [screams]
- [huffing]
Ugh! I was going to win!
Humph.
That potato got in my way.
- Sorry, Piggy.
He didn't mean to.
- I guess he isn't good
at racing, either.
- Uh, hey.
Instead of games,
maybe Potato wants
to put on a play with us.
- Yes, a play.
And moi will be
the director extraordinaire.
[singsong] You have
one more chance, Potato!
[clears throat]
Places, everyone!
- You're gonna be a star!
[building orchestral music]
♪ ♪
- Okay, everyone.
Let's take it from the top.
[cheers and applause]
- Yay!
- Whoo-hoo!
- To be green
or not to be green?
That is the question.
[cheers and applause]
- Encore, encore!
- Bravissimo!
- Oh, bravo, Kermie!
[giggles] Bravo!
And next,
"A Midsummer Night's Dance."
[sweeping ballet music]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- Très magnifique,  Summer.
- [laughs excitedly]
Now Potato's gonna finish
with his big musical number!
[drum roll]
♪ ♪
[cymbal crashes]
[sad trombone tune]
- That's it!
The potato's gotta go.
- [stammers]
Potato just forgot his lines.
It could happen to any of us.
- I don't know.
I thought Potato
was very "a-peel-ing."
Peel?
A potato? Eh?
What?
Not the time?
That tater tot ruined my play.
- Piggy...
- Ugh, I can't
take it anymore, Kermie!
The potato is ruining
all our fun!
- [gasps] I know
we can all play together.
We just haven't found
the right game for him yet.
- But Gonzo,
what  is  the right game?
- Potato can't run.
- No ride.
- Or sing.
- It can't do anything!
I'm not playing
with that potato
for another minute.
- Oh, Gonzo.
Maybe you can just
put Potato back in the garden.
- You want me to ignore him
just because
he can't play like us?
So Potato is
a little different.
That doesn't mean
we shouldn't be his friend.
Can't you see
how special he is?
[heavenly choral music]
- Uh...um...
- I guess..
- Fine.
Maybe you can just stop
being friends with someone
because they're not like you,
but I can't.
If you can't find a way
to include Potato,
we'll just go play alone.
[sad music]
- Uh, does anyone wanna hear
another potato joke?
- Too soon, Fozzie.
- It's okay, Potato.
So you can't run
or sing or ride.
I don't mind.
I'm still your BFF,
and that means
[upbeat twanging music]
♪ ♪
♪ Me and my Potato ♪
♪ Walking through the yard ♪
♪ No one understands you
like I do ♪
Sure,
you're a little different.
♪ But I don't get
why it's so hard ♪
♪ For everyone to see
what's great about you ♪
♪ Best friends come
in every shape and size ♪
♪ You don't need arms or legs ♪
♪ Or ears or nose
or mouth or eyes ♪
♪ To be my Potato ♪
♪ And my best friend, yeah ♪
♪ It's me and my Potato
till the end ♪
- Humph! The potato would've
made a mess of this game.
Good thing we don't have to
play with him anymore.
- Yeah... [grunts]
But we also don't...
[grunts] Get to play
with Gonzo anymore.
[grunts, warbles]
- Oh, I miss Gonzo.
He's the best
double-Dutcher I know.
- Well, he shouldn't have
made us play with a potato.
He ruined all our games.
- Remember when I moved here
from the South Pole?
I was so nervous
about you guys liking me.
- Animal like summer! [laughs]
- We all do.
- Sure,
but it took me time
to learn your games.
Now I can do this!
Hoo-hah!
Hoo-hah! [laughs]
- Impressive.
- But when I didn't know
how to play,
you guys taught me.
You never left me out.
- Because you don't
leave friends out.
- Bad friends.
- Potato doesn't fit in yet,
but I'm going
to welcome him anyway--
the way you guys welcome me!
- Um, I suppose it was
a teensy bit mean
to leave Potato out.
[stammers] Come on!
Let's go ask
our friends to play.
[all cheering]
- Gonzo! Gonzo!
- Are you here to make
Potato feel bad again?
- No.
We didn't have any fun
playing with you.
- We came over to say
that any friend of yours
is a friend of ours too.
- We didn't mean to make
Potato or you feel bad.
We'll try harder
to include it--
[stammers] I mean, him.
- Thanks, Piggy.
See, Potato?
I told you they were
good friends.
- Animal love Potato!
- [warbling]
Whoa-oa!
- So you'll forgive us, Gonzo?
- Of course.
What are friends for?
- Don't worry.
I know we can find a game
that you can play too.
- [gasps] Oh! I know
the perfect game for everyone!
Best friend hot potato!
Remember,
whoever has the potato
when the music stops
wins.
[music stops]
- [laughs]
- [laughs] I win!
You really are fun, Potato.
Best friend handshake.
[grunting]
Sorry, Gonzo.
I forgot Potato was
your  best friend.
- No, Piggy.
He's everyone's best friend.
- Come on!
Let's play again.
all: Best friend hot potato!